Despite what Godel's Vortex said, I'm both CONSISTENT and COMPLETE.
Numbers aren't real because they don't have wavefunctions.
The downvotes of fools are like delicious candy to me.
Sorry I took so long. I had to calculate the end of pi first.
'DROP TABLE integers;--
I can prove that I'm not going to halt.
I'm pretty ineffable too, ya know.
I know I live in a computer simulation because of irrational numbers.
Proof by induction shows how illogical mathematics is!
.999... = 1 because of floating point errors.
Infinity means that anything can be true for any reason.
>If I need enough special cases to cover something, I shall consider trying to formulate my epistemology without it.
Independent events means that flipping a coin 100 times gives a 50% probability of getting at least one heads.
Every statistic is actually 50% because everything either happens or it doesn't.
I believe in empirical mathematics. That's why the Collatz Conjecture is so hard to solve.
P=NP when N=1 or P=0
It's impossible to show that 2n+1 is of the form 2n+1.
Numbers are qualitative not quantitative.
My theory does not need to rely on a proof because it is its own proof. It is its own purest proof.
I say P \approx NP because mankind isn't ready for P=NP. This is a safe medium.
A lot of things are much easier once you realize that everything is isomorphic to Z.
Wouldn't it be easier to say -1=0? In a natural world, it is.
To dismiss these as sensless mad ravings of a troll, is to accept your complete ineptitude when it comes to the concepts you use every single day.
Piracy is not equal to for all lost sale.
This really is a shitty subreddit.
I'll just chalk it up to bad schooling. I don't blame you per se.
idk what you just said but thanks nerd
This equation is algebraically undeniably and irrefutably true. But since it hasn't been sanctioned as yet by your "mentors" you would probably deem it false.
Just as I suspected you have absolutely no idea and appreciation of the wonder and algebraic eccentricities of quaternions.
jeeze you people are such elitists. nobody bothered to reatd the rest of the thread (specifically the psudorandomness which is absolutely my field)
I never took numerology seriously until I learned how much The Enemy does.
I mean, that isn't bad math until the fifth decimal place.
Are you the Pope of Math? What is this "math" you speak of? I speak of Truth and math is that subset of Truth that concerns numbers and topology. I delight in it. What is math to you? Your feeble scribbles?
Who is to say that an infinitely long number does not become itself sentient and is able to deny its own predefined definitions. That is infinity!
That's not how math works.  \nI'll distinguish this when I'm not on mobile.
Math is a language and you can spell lies in it just as easily.
Yes, of course I am misapplying math in my thread. It's actually a big part of my view that this kind of misapplication is possible.
As it stands right now our math is like the math of toddlers. We can't even calculate pi.
no it's not gibberish, it's just incompleteness
Now your job is to defeat me in mathematics. People have tried and failed.
Because laws are made to be broken and the pigeonhole principle is no exception.
